README.md, before:

# Proficiō

Proficiō is an innovative app designed to help individuals master new fields, enhance their skills, and achieve their professional goals. Created for the "[Plug into AI with AI21](https://lablab.ai/event/plug-into-ai-with-ai21)" hackathon, Proficiō leverages cutting-edge technology from AI21 Labs to provide personalized guidance and resources for career development.

## Technologies Used

Proficiō is built using the following technologies:

- Python
- Flask (Web Framework)
- [AI21 API](https://docs.ai21.com/docs) (for AI-powered recommendations)
- [Open Library API](https://openlibrary.org/developers/api) (for accessing books information)
- HTML/CSS
- JavaScript

## Features

- **Building a Roadmap:** Create a personalized roadmap by inputting your desired field or skill. Our AI-powered algorithms will generate a step-by-step plan, guiding you through the learning process effectively.

- **Suggested Books:** Access a curated list of books relevant to your chosen field. These resources provide valuable insights, practical tips, and in-depth expertise to broaden your understanding.

- **Common Interview Questions:** Prepare for job interviews by generating common interview questions specific to your chosen field. Practice answering these questions to boost your confidence and increase your chances of success.

- **Useful Tips:** Gain practical knowledge from industry professionals through a collection of useful tips and insights. These tips will give you a head start, enabling you to accelerate your learning process and excel in your field.

- **Find Your Profession:** Explore potential professions based on your skills, passions, experience, and education. Our AI-driven algorithms analyze your unique profile and recommend career paths that align with your strengths and interests.

## Getting Started

To get started with Proficiō, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/tetianakushniruk/proficio-skill-mastery-app
```
2. Go to the project directory:
```
cd proficio-skill-mastery-app
```
2. Install the required dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Set the Flask app environment variable:
- For Mac/Linux:
  ```
  export FLASK_APP=app.py
  ```
- For Windows:
  ```
  set FLASK_APP=app.py
4. Run the app:
  ```
  flask run
  ```
5. Open a web browser and visit `http://localhost:5000` to access Proficiō
## About the Project

Proficiō was developed as part of the "Plug into AI with AI21" hackathon, an event dedicated to enhance user experience and demonstrate how AI can be integrated into everyday digital tasks.

Proficiō's goal is to empower individuals by providing a comprehensive platform for discovering, learning, and excelling in new fields. By leveraging AI-driven recommendations, Proficiō revolutionizes the learning experience, making career development accessible and engaging.
## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Proficiō, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.

2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
```
git checkout -b your-branch-name
```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
```
git commit -m "Description of your changes"
```
4. Push your changes to the branch:
```
git push origin your-branch-name
```
5. Submit a pull request detailing your changes.

## Contact

For questions, suggestions, or collaboration opportunities, feel free to contact:

- Email: _tetiana.kushnirukk@gmail.com_
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tetiana-kushniruk/)

Commit message:

Add link to Demo Website

README.md, after:

# Proficiō

Proficiō is an innovative app designed to help individuals master new fields, enhance their skills, and achieve their professional goals. Created for the "[Plug into AI with AI21](https://lablab.ai/event/plug-into-ai-with-ai21)" hackathon, Proficiō leverages cutting-edge technology from AI21 Labs to provide personalized guidance and resources for career development.

## 🌐 Demo Website

Check out the [Proficiō Demo Website](http://tetianakushniruk.pythonanywhere.com/) to experience the app in action.

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

Proficiō is built using the following technologies:

- Python
- Flask (Web Framework)
- [AI21 API](https://docs.ai21.com/docs) (for AI-powered recommendations)
- [Open Library API](https://openlibrary.org/developers/api) (for accessing books information)
- HTML/CSS
- JavaScript

## 💡 Features

- **Building a Roadmap:** Create a personalized roadmap by inputting your desired field or skill. Our AI-powered algorithms will generate a step-by-step plan, guiding you through the learning process effectively.

- **Suggested Books:** Access a curated list of books relevant to your chosen field. These resources provide valuable insights, practical tips, and in-depth expertise to broaden your understanding.

- **Common Interview Questions:** Prepare for job interviews by generating common interview questions specific to your chosen field. Practice answering these questions to boost your confidence and increase your chances of success.

- **Useful Tips:** Gain practical knowledge from industry professionals through a collection of useful tips and insights. These tips will give you a head start, enabling you to accelerate your learning process and excel in your field.

- **Find Your Profession:** Explore potential professions based on your skills, passions, experience, and education. Our AI-driven algorithms analyze your unique profile and recommend career paths that align with your strengths and interests.

## 🚀 Getting Started

To get started with Proficiō, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/tetianakushniruk/proficio-skill-mastery-app
```
2. Go to the project directory:
```
cd proficio-skill-mastery-app
```
2. Install the required dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Set the Flask app environment variable:
- For Mac/Linux:
  ```
  export FLASK_APP=app.py
  ```
- For Windows:
  ```
  set FLASK_APP=app.py
4. Run the app:
  ```
  flask run
  ```
5. Open a web browser and visit `http://localhost:5000` to access Proficiō

## 📜 About the Project

Proficiō was developed as part of the "Plug into AI with AI21" hackathon, an event dedicated to enhance user experience and demonstrate how AI can be integrated into everyday digital tasks.

Proficiō's goal is to empower individuals by providing a comprehensive platform for discovering, learning, and excelling in new fields. By leveraging AI-driven recommendations, Proficiō revolutionizes the learning experience, making career development accessible and engaging.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to Proficiō, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.

2. Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix:
```
git checkout -b your-branch-name
```
3. Make your changes and commit them:
```
git commit -m "Description of your changes"
```
4. Push your changes to the branch:
```
git push origin your-branch-name
```
5. Submit a pull request detailing your changes.

## 📧 Contact

For questions, suggestions, or collaboration opportunities, feel free to contact:

- Email: _tetiana.kushnirukk@gmail.com_
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tetiana-kushniruk/)
